docs: add example for global setup process.env (#13397)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-advanced-js.md

});
```

> You can make arbitary data available in your tests from your global setup file by attaching it to `process.env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make arbitrary data available in your tests from your global setup file by setting them as environment variables via `process.env`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Inside line 214 let's replace 'environment' with 'environment variables' to make it more clear.

```js js-flavor=js
// global-setup.js
const { chromium } = require('@playwright/test');

module.exports = async config => {

>   process.env.foo = 'some data';

Reviewer: The names of environment variables are case-sensitive. By convention they are usually upper-case. Let's keep them also uppercase in this example?

  // Or a more complicated data structure as JSON:
  process.env.bar = JSON.stringify({ some: 'data' });
};
```

```js js-flavor=ts
// global-setup.ts
import { chromium, FullConfig } from '@playwright/test';

async function globalSetup(config: FullConfig) {
  process.env.foo = 'some data';
  // Or a more complicated data structure as JSON:
  process.env.bar = JSON.stringify({ some: 'data' });
}

export default globalSetup;
```

Tests have access to the `process.env` properties set in the global setup.

```js js-flavor=ts
import { test } from '@playwright/test';
const { foo, bar } = process.env;

test('test', async ({ page }) => {
  // foo and bar properties are populated.
  expect(foo).toEqual('some data')

>   expect(bar).toEqual('{"some":"data"}')

Reviewer: let's include maybe inside the example `const myComplexData = JSON.parse(process.env.BAR)`? So the parsing is also included.

});
```

You can make arbitrary data available in your tests from your global setup file by setting them as environment variables via `process.env`.

```js js-flavor=js
// global-setup.js
module.exports = async config => {
  process.env.FOO = 'some data';
  // Or a more complicated data structure as JSON:
  process.env.BAR = JSON.stringify({ some: 'data' });
};
```

```js js-flavor=ts
// global-setup.ts
import { FullConfig } from '@playwright/test';

async function globalSetup(config: FullConfig) {
  process.env.FOO = 'some data';
  // Or a more complicated data structure as JSON:
  process.env.BAR = JSON.stringify({ some: 'data' });
}

export default globalSetup;
```

Tests have access to the `process.env` properties set in the global setup.

```js js-flavor=ts
import { test } from '@playwright/test';

> const { FOO, BAR } = process.env;

Reviewer 2: can we inline these? This way it'll be clear that these can be used inside the test, but not outside to declare tests

});
```

You can make arbitrary data available in your tests from your global setup file by setting them as environment variables via `process.env`.

```js js-flavor=js
// global-setup.js

> const { chromium } = require('@playwright/test');
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

module.exports = async config => {
  process.env.FOO = 'some data';
  // Or a more complicated data structure as JSON:
  process.env.BAR = JSON.stringify({ some: 'data' });
};
```

```js js-flavor=ts
// global-setup.ts

> import { chromium, FullConfig } from '@playwright/test';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { FullConfig } from '@playwright/test';
```

async function globalSetup(config: FullConfig) {
  process.env.FOO = 'some data';
  // Or a more complicated data structure as JSON:
  process.env.BAR = JSON.stringify({ some: 'data' });
}

export default globalSetup;
```

Tests have access to the `process.env` properties set in the global setup.

```js js-flavor=ts
import { test } from '@playwright/test';
const { FOO, BAR } = process.env;

test('test', async ({ page }) => {
  // FOO and BAR properties are populated.
  expect(FOO).toEqual('some data');

  const complexData = JSON.parse(BAR);

>   expect(BAR).toEqual({ some: "data" });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  expect(BAR).toEqual({ some: 'data' });
```

});
```

```js js-flavor=js
const { test } = require('@playwright/test');
const { FOO, BAR } = process.env;

test('test', async ({ page }) => {
  // FOO and BAR properties are populated.
  expect(FOO).toEqual('some data');

  const complexData = JSON.parse(BAR);

>   expect(BAR).toEqual({ some: "data" });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  expect(BAR).toEqual({ some: 'data' });
```
